# Q2 - SCENARIO
*Macro Life, a healthcare company has recently set up the entire Network and Infrastructure on Azure. The infrastructure has different components such as Virtual N/W, Subnets, NIC, IPs, NSG etc. The IT team currently has developed PowerShell scripts to deploy each component where all the
properties of each resource is set using PowerShell commands.
The business has realized that the PowerShell scripts are growing over a period of time and difficult to handover when new admin onboards in the IT. The IT team has now decided to move to ARM-based deployment of all resources to Azure. All the passwords are stored in an Azure Service known as key Vault. The deployments need to be automated using Azure DevOps using IaC (Infrastructure as Code).*

1. What are different artefacts you need to create - the name of the artifacts and its purpose
    > Artifacts and Purposes:
  **Resource Groups**: Create a new resource group for use by other artifacts within the blueprint. These placeholder resource groups enable you to organize resources exactly the way you want them structured and provides a scope limiter for included policy and role assignment artifacts and ARM templates.
  **ARM template**: Templates, including nested and linked templates, are used to compose complex environments. Example environments: a SharePoint farm, Azure Automation State Configuration, or a Log Analytics workspace.
  **Policy Assignment**: Allows assignment of a policy or initiative to the subscription the blueprint is assigned to. The policy or initiative must be within the scope of the blueprint definition location. If the policy or initiative has parameters, these parameters are assigned at creation of the blueprint or during blueprint assignment.
  **Role Assignment**: Add an existing user or group to a built-in role to make sure the right people always have the right access to your resources. Role assignments can be defined for the entire subscription or nested to a specific resource group included in the blueprint.

2.	List the tools you will to create and store the ARM templates.
> Using visual studio code editor we can create ARM templates with the help of ARM plugins(if required). And these templates can be stored in version control system.
3.	Explain the process and steps to create an automated deployment pipeline.
    - CI part
        - Go to Respective Project
        - Click on Pipeline
        - Click on Create pipeline using YAML or Classic editor
        - Select repository in this it will be Azure repo
        - Then select the template (define, enable/disable respective jobs)
            - Build
            - Security
            - Copy - specify the source folder from where the azure templates are picked and add the target directory
            - Publish
        - Click on Save and Que
        - Add comments
        - Click on Save and Run	
    - CD Part:
        - Go to Pipelines
        - Under pipelines select Releases
        - Click on New release
        - Just like build template, here we will get Release Templates. Select the respective template
        - Define Stage name For eg: DEV
        - Add artifact source type as Build 
            - Select the project
            - Select respective source (build pipeline)
        - Select the JOb
            - Add task ARM Template Deployment 
                - Select the respective options like
                    - RG Name
                    - Location 
                    - Template location 
            - Choose the respective subscription and other details
            
4.	Create a sample ARM template you will use to deploy a Windows VM of any size
`Sample file name: SampleTemplate.json`
5.	Explain how will you access the password stored in Key Vault and use it as Admin Password in the VM ARM template.
With below code snippet we can retrieve 
	```{
          "apiVersion": "2018-11-01",
          "name": "appsettings",
          "type": "config",
          "dependsOn": [
            "[resourceId('Microsoft.Web/Sites', WEBSITE NAME))]",
            "Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.AzureWebSites",
            "[resourceId('Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/', variables('keyVaultName'))]",
            "[resourceId('Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/secrets', variables('keyVaultName'), variables('secretName'))]"
          ],
          "properties": {
            "ConnectionSecret": "[concat('@Microsoft.KeyVault(SecretUri=', reference(SECRET NAME).secretUriWithVersion, ')')]"
          }